[All Hosts] (manifest) adding req set and versionoverrides info (#3238)
OfficeDev/office-js-docs-pr: docs/reference/manifest/extensionpoint.md

|  Attribute  |  Required  |  Description  |
|:-----|:-----|:-----|

> |  **xsi:type**  |  Yes  | The type of extension point being defined. Possible values depend on the Office host application; that is, the grandparent **Host** element value.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|  **xsi:type**  |  Yes  | The type of extension point being defined. Possible values depend on the Office host application defined in the grandparent **Host** element value.|
```

> ## Extension points for Word, Excel, PowerPoint, and OneNote add-in commands

Reviewer: Recommend we alphabetize the hosts lists throughout
```suggestion
## Extension points for Excel, OneNote, PowerPoint, and Word add-in commands
```

There are three types of extension points available in some or all of these hosts.

- [PrimaryCommandSurface](#primarycommandsurface) (Valid for Word, Excel, PowerPoint, and OneNote) - The ribbon in Office.

> - [ContextMenu](#contextmenu) (Valid for Word, Excel, PowerPoint, and OneNote) - The shortcut menu that appears when you right-click in the Office UI.

Reviewer: Saying right-click seems very mouse-centric. Do we need to add long-press or similar keyboard or touchscreen action? Perhaps there's a neutral/generic description of this action. The [style guide](https://styleguides.azurewebsites.net/Styleguide/Read?id=2700&topicid=28838) recommends "select and hold (or right-click)"

Here and other instances

- [CustomFunctions](#customfunctions) (Valid only for Excel) - A custom function written in JavaScript for Excel.

> See the subsections below for the child elements and examples of these types of extension points.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the following subsections for the child elements and examples of these types of extension points.
```

      <!-- other controls, as needed -->
    </Group>
  </CustomTab>
</ExtensionPoint>
```

### ContextMenu

A context menu is a shortcut menu that appears when you right-click in the Office UI.

#### Child elements
 
|Element|Description|
|:-----|:-----|
|[OfficeMenu](officemenu.md)|Required if you're adding add-in commands to a default context menu (using **ContextMenu**). The **id** attribute must be set to one of the following strings: <br/> - **ContextMenuText** if the context menu should open when a user right-clicks on the selected text. <br/> - **ContextMenuCell** if the context menu should open when the user right-clicks on a cell on an Excel spreadsheet.|

#### Example

The following adds a custom context menu to the cells in an Excel spreadsheet.

```xml
<ExtensionPoint xsi:type="ContextMenu">
  <OfficeMenu id="ContextMenuCell">
    <Control xsi:type="Menu" id="Contoso.ContextMenu2">
            <!-- information about the control -->
    </Control>
    <!-- other controls, as needed -->
  </OfficeMenu>
</ExtensionPoint>
```

### CustomFunctions

A custom function written in JavaScript or TypeScript for Excel.

#### Child elements

|Element|Description|
|:-----|:-----|

> |[Script](script.md|Required. Links to the JavaScript file with the custom function definition and registration code. This element is not used in the Developer Preview. Instead, the HTML page is responsible for loading all JavaScript files.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|[Script](script.md|Required. Links to the JavaScript file with the custom function's definition and registration code. This element is not used in the Developer Preview. Instead, the HTML page is responsible for loading all JavaScript files.|
```

> |[Script](script.md|Required. Links to the JavaScript file with the custom function definition and registration code. This element is not used in the Developer Preview. Instead, the HTML page is responsible for loading all JavaScript files.|

Reviewer: Curious what this means: "This element is not used in the Developer Preview."?

> |[Script](script.md|Required. Links to the JavaScript file with the custom function's definition and registration code. This element is not used in the Developer Preview. Instead, the HTML page is responsible for loading all JavaScript files.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|[Script](script.md)|Required. Links to the JavaScript file with the custom function's definition and registration code. This element is not used in the Developer Preview. Instead, the HTML page is responsible for loading all JavaScript files.|
```
